- [Narrator] So now that we've created all the beans
as per the diagram that we saw before,
let's go ahead and create instances of all beans.
We will have to feed in data in all of them
and then link them together.
Now, I have already made utility that is
available in my project, which is data generated, or JAVA.
This file will be available to
all of you in the exercise folders.
That is one class where I have just
tried to create a lot of mock data,
and then construct the order object.
So I have the address object and
I have given certain values to all its fields,
then I have a list of products I fed
in data to that products list, and
then there are all the details
the custom object and the auto object finally.
If you observe there is one of the
products in which the value for the
shipping company is set as null.
This is been done deliberately
to show the mapping of null values.
There is also one more thing that
I've added a null product to that list.
That's also on purpose.
Okay, and then we have all the details of course.
We have the customer details, and
then constructed the final order object through all of this.
Now, in a real application in the life project
in the industry all of this data
will be pulled in from the database.
But the database interaction is
not the focal point of this course,
which is why I created a class which
creates mock data and returns it to me.
You please feel free to go ahead
and call the database to get all this data.
You may also communicate with the restful webservice,
in case the data is being gotten through it.
So it's up to your choice and feel
free to use this file as well there
is absolutely no problem for this course.